Fixed broken link (#40103)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/secret.md

Depending on how you created the Secret, as well as how the Secret is used in
your Pods, updates to existing `Secret` objects are propagated automatically to

> Pods that use the data. For more information, refer to [Using Secrets as files from a Pod](#using-secrets-as-files-from-a-pod).

Reviewer: This is wrong. We don't mean to change the referenced text. All you need is to point to the right link.

Author: Hmm, I followed what sftim said In https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/40103 so I thought u had to change it to point to a different topic

Author: @NitishKumar06 changed it back to the previous reference text

> Pods that use the data. For more information, refer to [Mounted Secrets are updated automatically](#using-secrets-as-files-from-a-pod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pods that use the data. For more information, refer to [Using Secrets as files from a Pod](#using-secrets-as-files-from-a-pod) section.
```

IMO the referenced text should be changed. As a user, I'd like to be navigated to a link that actually contains the required heading else it'll look like other issue or the user might think that link is not pointing to correct place because the reference text don't match with actual heading.

Author: @NitishKumar06 I did change the reference text before this commit , you said not to change so I changed it back to the previous one. Now should I change it back ?

Reviewer 2: @NitishKumar06 please watch out for making suggestions that replace valid grammar with something unidiomatic.
I / we appreciate the intent, but contributors might be misled by a review into making an unhelpful “fix”.

> Pods that use the data. For more information, refer to [Using Secrets as files from a Pod](#using-secrets-as-files-from-a-pod) section.

Reviewer 2: (nit)
```suggestion
Pods that use the data. For more information, refer to the [Using Secrets as files from a Pod](#using-secrets-as-files-from-a-pod) section.
```
